So now let's summarize
Advanced Identity in AWS.
So first of all, the basics.
So we've seen IAM.
IAM is for doing identity and access management
inside of your AWS accounts,
and this is where you can create users that you trust
and belong to your company.
For AWS Organization,
even though we saw it in the previous section,
it can also be used in this section
because thanks to Organization
you can manage multiple accounts.
Then we have the STS service, the Security Token Service,
which is a way to issue temporary
and limited-privileged credentials to access AWS resources.
We have seen Amazon Cognito to create a database of users
for your mobile and web applications.
We have seen Directory Services
to integrate Microsoft Active Directory in AWS.
And we have seen IAM Identity Center,
which is one login for multiple accounts and applications
so that you can seamlessly navigate
between your different accounts.
Okay, so that's it.
I hope you liked it and I will see you in the next lecture.